.\" STDfilenameDTS
.\" File ID: STDuuidDTS
.TH STDUexecUDTS 1 "RPL_DATE" "STDexecDTS\-RPL_VERSION"
.SH NAME
STDexecDTS \- TBD
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B STDexecDTS
[\fIOPTIONS\fP] <\fICOMMAND\fP> [\fIARGS\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
TBD: STDexecDTS ...
.SS Features
.IP \[bu] 2
TBD: Feature 1
.IP \[bu] 2
TBD: Feature 2
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fP, \fB\-\-help\fP
Show a help summary.
.TP
\fB\-\-license\fP
Print the software license.
.TP
\fB\-q\fP, \fB\-\-quiet\fP
Be more quiet. Can be repeated to increase silence.
.TP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-verbose\fP
Increase level of verbosity. Can be repeated.
.TP
\fB\-\-selftest\fP
Run the built-in test suite.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fP
Print version information.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
0
No error.
.TP
1
Some kind of error occurred.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
\fCSTDexecDTS\fP
TBD: Example 1
.TP
\fCSTDexecDTS\fP
TBD: Example 2
.SH AUTHOR
Written by \[/O]yvind A.\& Holm <sunny@sunbase.org>
.SH COPYRIGHT
(C)opyleft 2024\- \[/O]yvind A.\& Holm <sunny@sunbase.org>
.PP
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under 
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software 
Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later 
version.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY 
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.PP
See the GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with 
this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
